jaesi motorcycle superstore and this is
the is 17 helmet from HJC this graphic
package is the genesis some basic
overview things first off internal head
shape is going to be the intermediate
oval so a lot of riders will fit this
one this is a size large the wait for
this helmet was 3.6 pounds
another thing that's worth mentioning is
the safety ratings is ADOT standard
safety rating also let's talk about that
weight 3.6 pounds part of that is
because it uses polycarbonate on the
outer shell however another thing that
adds to that is a very nice feature
which is the drop down sun shield one of
the things that's noticeable about this
is the way it's activated kind of
unorthodox you basically press this tab
all the way up the ridgeline of your
head it locks into place and the release
it's a spring tension system press the
button and it pops right back so that's
really handy to have however the the
cheek pads have a built in eye relief so
that you can put your eyeglasses in much
easier so regular glasses or your
sunglasses if you want to take those
with you you have that option very nice
to see great for touring great for all
kinds of riders let's talk about the
shield system this is the HJ 20 M shield
so optically correct anti UV protection
all of that one of the other things I
like about this is the way it closes
right here in the very center you're
going to find that that pops down and
locks into place you have to release
this tab in order to lift it this shield
is also equipped with the pin lock ready
device does not come with the pin lock
film to go inside of it you purchase
that separate but it's ready to accept
it also the rapid fire to release system
press this lever literally pops out and
this thing is very easy to replace put
it back in its it's very simple you can
either use that for cleaning or if you
want to replace this for damage or if
you want to get a different type of a
shield like a smoke or something like
that
alright vent systems for this helmet up
top you have your main intake this is
your biggest scoop vent comes right
through here 3 position adjustable very
easy to access also on the chin bar you
can adjust this one as well so how much
air is coming up in your face coming up
into the shield that's you can dial in
using that vent on the front the exhaust
vents are non adjustable you're gonna
see two small ones under here and this
small ridge
you also find one on each side of the
helmet on the back as well now on the
inside of this helmet this is the
supercool liner system it's removable
it's antimicrobial it's it can be pulled
out and washed that's the important
thing
so yank it out clean it up it's gonna
help keep this thing fresh underneath
that is your ApS liner system you have a
a standard closure here with the double
D rings that's the is 17 find more
information about this helmet a
motorcycle superstore comm this is the
genisis if you don't like it look around
for some other graphic packages for this
is 17 those are available as well also
current pricing is there thanks so much
for watching
find the one that you need and don't
forget subscribe to us on YouTube leave
some comments on this video tell us if
you like this helmet or not and we'll
see you next time